[ML] Adds common problems to NLP pipelines docs and add on_failure example (#1934)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/nlp/ml-nlp-inference.asciidoc

.. If everything looks correct, close the panel, and click **Create
pipeline**. The pipeline is now ready for use.

> ////

Reviewer: FYI I've added the failure processor into the "Add an inference processor..." step, rather than at the end. I've commented out the API example for now, since we don't currently have those in this page. However, I will circle back in a later PR to add a full API example since @sophiec20 asked for this too.

However, those web log messages are unlikely to contain enough words for the
model to accurately identify the language.

> TIP: When using deployed NLP models, set the reindex `size` option to a value

Reviewer: Since this page is entirely about NLP models, I don't think this introductory qualifier adds any value:
```suggestion
TIP: Set the reindex `size` option to a value
```

> smaller than the deployment's queue size. Otherwise, requests might be rejected

Reviewer: Is this the queue_capacity mentioned in https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/start-trained-model-deployment.html? If so, it might be clearer to use that setting name explicitly. For example:

```suggestion
smaller than the `queue_capacity` for the trained model deployment. Otherwise, requests might be rejected
```
